Ingress and Terminating Gateway docs (#7710)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/connect/mesh_gateway.mdx

## Mesh Gateway Configuration

Mesh gateways are defined very similarly to other typical services, with two exceptions.

> The first is that the [service kind](/api/agent/service#kind) must be "mesh-gateway". The other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first is that the [service kind](/api/agent/service#kind) must be "mesh-gateway". Second,
```

> is that a mesh gateway service definition may contain a `Proxy.Config` entry just like a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the mesh gateway service definition may contain a `Proxy.Config` entry, just like a
```

> Connect proxy service to define opaque configuration parameters useful for the actual proxy software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect proxy service, to define opaque configuration parameters useful for the actual proxy software.
```
